I had to continue to contact the
working team of jonathan oquendo is
works de facto twice to face
to go back to papito vázquez this is a
fight that long ago that we
we were and wanted to do in some
moment we did not expect to make the time
but we knew it was a matter of time
make them
I love him I have understanding and my
training and everything in the habits
with much respect of a tremendous champion
his dad and his family with all the
respect we are Puerto Ricans but it is
a whole son had a very disc
respect his wife in these businesses
I say, I came back as a coach
I know that he will be trained we are going to
when the king we are going to record with a lot
respect with great humility when I finish
the embrace fight
what happened that night
and I really want many many
enthusiasms
much joy of being a great champion of
be a true champion not only
for
to the whole world to wet the one that most
he knows what was going to be obvious so that
the name of the Lord
for them one of the things that I picked
I ate with my girlfriend
rest in peace we have every woman
an extra motivation I'm going to give a girl
it affects me we go to my weight taking
personal risks I understand that
if I enter here here there are no excuses
period say that I do not fight ficionados
all this that tells us here I will continue
here to fight is with those that I have
to fight with you 1 to 5 and let's continue
seeing that he has worked hard and has already
expected for that position and he is the
person because he comes in front of me in the
future it was clear that if he deserves a
opportunity because each one of us
that we work hard with my partner and
I work hard we spend things that in
can you really be pierced and
I understand that he has worked hard and if
it appears that it is a great opportunity but
unfortunately I still face the
death tell me I faced death
the 122 pounds
I have been learning step by step what
is to box what is ambient and I am
Smart boy only learn
put into practice in the gym in the
moment where it is put into practice because
it's already the fight is to help him in the fight
you are not going to practice the truth you are going to
run and unfortunately in my
night in less opportunity to be the
world champion of this great
fighter twice champion of the world and
will go
good afternoon to all the press at all
vixiador is something put puerto rico
parrots and and especially to little other
Once the opportunity to fight for the
title of the name is not that he knows that I
I never failed him I was a solid champion
to er in that organism and has been faithful
how is charisma is a matter of how
you feel and the desire you have and
direction that I have makes me go back to being
world champion and will return again in
seat like I did then
then defense and keep watching
that weight and try to remove mentos
invention of 105 pounds but if nothing
it is already saved what is a victory
we know that anything can happen
in the museum in which I in other years but
I think with great pride because of
in that weight and your life your record for
everything that come up in weight as
that is to say of arrival of pilot whale to do
18 defense all ring and supercross
but I think it 's more than that I can
give thanks to God accomplish this is a
dream because thank god for the
opportunity to be here with you
I'm happy that he participates in the
character was October 6 large
fighters
would be to cut the bridge aranda diego
I draw 4 fights and we know we have a
rival is quite strong but we are
large practical preparations and we
we prepare large and we have other
places and that very nice day for him
that day
this year
they know
the rich impact years
I
how am I going to meet but good as
knowing well
it is convenient
so the jump that they give appointment and a lot
Victor
it is being said
and I always wanted
I told in an interview that I
made
I have completed that monterrico combat
I dont know
How to steal